managing career and family effectively is a challenge. You want to be
great at both, or at least do them to the best of your ability. Um,
there has to be a balance. As I was coming up as a junior sailor in
the Navy, I had a mentor who always explained to me that, uh, work life
balance is what's important. And I live by that now, understanding
that my work, it is very important. That's how I pay my bills, how
I feed my Children and how I take care of myself. And my life is is,
uh, split between the two, my work and my family, Um, work life balance.
Having the balance to be able to take care of my Children and
be able to be a great leader in this organization is important. So
I believe that the work life balance, um, has toe work, and it encompasses
everything that I do, um, in my life